#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --no-emit-index-url requirements-base.in
#
aiofiles==0.8.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   hypothesis
    #   hypothesis-graphql
    #   jsonschema
    #   pytest
    #   schemathesis
bcrypt==3.2.2
    # via -r requirements-base.in
blis==0.7.8
    # via thinc
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   google-auth
    #   premailer
catalogue==2.0.8
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2022.6.15
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
chardet==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   emails
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   schemathesis
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.5
    # via schemathesis
cryptography==37.0.4
    # via oauthlib
cssselect==1.1.0
    # via premailer
cssutils==2.5.1
    # via
    #   emails
    #   premailer
curlify==2.2.1
    # via schemathesis
cymem==2.0.6
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
decorator==5.1.1
    # via validators
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via jira
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via email-validator
ecdsa==0.18.0
    # via python-jose
email-validator==1.2.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
emails==0.6
    # via -r requirements-base.in
exceptiongroup==1.0.0rc8
    # via hypothesis
fastapi==0.79.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-api-core==2.8.2
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.55.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
google-auth==2.9.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements-base.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.4
    # via google-api-core
graphql-core==3.2.1
    # via hypothesis-graphql
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.15.0
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.23.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
hypothesis==6.53.0
    # via
    #   hypothesis-graphql
    #   hypothesis-jsonschema
    #   schemathesis
hypothesis-graphql==0.9.0
    # via schemathesis
hypothesis-jsonschema==0.22.0
    # via schemathesis
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   yarl
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   spacy
jira==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
joblib==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
jsonschema==4.7.2
    # via
    #   hypothesis-jsonschema
    #   schemathesis
junit-xml==1.9
    # via schemathesis
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
lxml==4.9.1
    # via
    #   emails
    #   premailer
mako==1.2.1
    # via alembic
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
murmurhash==1.0.7
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
numpy==1.23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   blis
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scipy
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
    #   thinc
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via -r requirements-base.in
oauthlib[signedtoken]==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jira
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   spacy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   statsmodels
pathy==0.6.2
    # via spacy
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pbr==5.9.0
    # via jira
pdpyras==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
premailer==3.10.0
    # via emails
preshed==3.0.6
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
protobuf==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psycopg2-binary==2.9.3
    # via -r requirements-base.in
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   python-jose
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.9.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pyjwt==2.4.0
    # via oauthlib
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.2
    # via
    #   pytest-subtests
    #   schemathesis
pytest-subtests==0.7.0
    # via schemathesis
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   emails
    #   pandas
python-jose==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via -r requirements-base.in
python-slugify==6.1.2
    # via -r requirements-base.in
pytz==2022.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via schemathesis
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   curlify
    #   emails
    #   google-api-core
    #   jira
    #   pdpyras
    #   premailer
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   schemathesis
    #   spacy
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   jira
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via jira
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-jose
schedule==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
schemathesis==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
scipy==1.8.1
    # via statsmodels
sentry-asgi==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
sentry-sdk==1.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   sentry-asgi
sh==1.14.3
    # via -r requirements-base.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   ecdsa
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   jira
    #   junit-xml
    #   oauth2client
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
    #   sqlalchemy-filters
    #   validators
slack-sdk==3.18.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
smart-open==5.2.1
    # via pathy
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via hypothesis
spacy==3.4.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.9
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.3
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==1.3.24
    # via
    #   -r requirements-base.in
    #   alembic
    #   sqlalchemy-filters
    #   sqlalchemy-utils
sqlalchemy-filters==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements-base.in
sqlalchemy-utils==0.38.3
    # via -r requirements-base.in
srsly==2.4.4
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
starlette==0.19.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   schemathesis
statsmodels==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements-base.in
tabulate==0.8.10
    # via -r requirements-base.in
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via -r requirements-base.in
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
thinc==8.1.0
    # via spacy
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   schemathesis
tomli-w==1.0.0
    # via schemathesis
tqdm==4.64.0
    # via spacy
typer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
typing-extensions==4.3.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   schemathesis
    #   starlette
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.11
    # via
    #   pdpyras
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
uvicorn==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements-base.in
validators==0.18.2
    # via -r requirements-base.in
wasabi==0.10.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-loggers
    #   thinc
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via schemathesis
yarl==1.7.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   schemathesis

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
